Added option to exclude scaling factor from `DiscreteVariableResidualNorm` (#31992)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2025/2025_11.md

## MOOSE Improvements

### DiscreteVariableResidualNorm now can compute the un-scaled residual norm

> [DiscreteVariableResidualNorm.md] has added the parameter [!param](/Postprocessors/DiscreteVariableResidualNorm/include_scaling_factor), which allows the user to control whether the residual norm includes the scaling factor or not. Before, the scaling factor was always included, but now the default behavior is to not include the scaling factor. This is ideal for the most common use case of this object, which is convergence monitoring, which should be independent of the scaling factor, particularly if automatic scaling is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DiscreteVariableResidualNorm.md] has added the parameter [!param](/Postprocessors/DiscreteVariableResidualNorm/include_scaling_factor), which allows the user to control whether the residual norm includes the scaling factor or not. Before, the scaling factor was always included, but now the default behavior is to not include the scaling factor. This is ideal for the most common use case of this object, which is convergence monitoring, which usually should be independent of the scaling factor.
```
